Extend description of global vars in pipeline (#5567)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/shared-libraries.adoc

.Avoid preserving state in global variables
[WARNING]
====
All global variables defined in a Shared Library should be stateless, i.e. they should act as collections of functions.

> If your pipeline tried to store some state in gobal variables, this state would be lost in case of Jenkins controller restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pipeline tried to store some state in global variables, this state would be lost in case of Jenkins controller restart.
```

Use a static class or instantiate a local variable of a class instead.
====

Though using fields for global variables is discouraged as per above, it is possible to define fields and use them as read-only.

> To define a feield you need to use an annotatation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a field you need to use an annotation:
```
